README.md, before:

# 🚀 ACTA Global Hackathon

**24 hours to build something impressive.**

## ⏰ Timeline

- **Start**: Oct 4, 2025 at 12:00 CET
- **End**: Oct 5, 2025 at 12:00 CET
- **Duration**: 24 hours

## 🏆 Prizes

1. **1st**: One week in Cape Town (flights + hotel)
2. **2nd**: €300 + fast-tracked interview
3. **3rd**: Raspberry Pi + fast-tracked interview

## 💡 What to Build

**Option 1: Build anything you wish existed** (open format - truly anything!)

**Option 2: Choose one of these problem statements:**

### 1. Memory Keeper for Grandparents
Interactive AI conversations that capture grandparents' life memories and turn them into blog posts for family members. Think Duolingo but for preserving family stories and wisdom.

### 2. Graph-Based Learning System
Transform linear course content (like [MIT's Statistics course](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/18-05-introduction-to-probability-and-statistics-spring-2022/)) into an interactive graph-based learning experience. Organize concepts as nodes/connections to match how the brain actually learns - accelerating comprehension through visualization and non-linear exploration.

### 3. Agent Orchestration Layer
Build the n8n for AI agents - an orchestration platform for vertical agents to create AI-native companies. Solve context engineering and enable swarm intelligence across agent networks.

**Note**: These are extensive problems - MVPs are perfectly fine and expected!

## 🎯 Rules

- Solo or duo teams
- Greenfield projects only
- Any tech stack
- Must be buildable in 24 hours
- Read [RULES.md](./RULES.md) for anti-cheating requirements

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# 1. Clone this repo
git clone <your-fork-url>
cd global-hackathon-v1

# 2. Create timestamp (REQUIRED for anti-cheating)
date > .hackathon-start
git add .hackathon-start
git commit -m "Starting hackathon - $(date)"
git push

# 3. Build your project here
# 4. Commit regularly (minimum 5 commits)
```

## 📤 Submission

**Deadline**: Oct 5, 2025 at 12:00 CET

**Submit at**: [https://forms.acta.so/r/wMobdM](https://forms.acta.so/r/wMobdM)

**You need**:
1. Public GitHub repo URL
2. 60-second demo video (Loom/YouTube - must be public)
3. Live demo URL (deployed app)
4. Your email and name

## ✅ Before Submitting

```bash
# Run verification
node verify-submission.js
```

Check:
- [ ] GitHub repo is public
- [ ] 60s video is public and accessible
- [ ] Live demo works in incognito window
- [ ] Made 5+ commits during the 24 hours
- [ ] README updated with project info

## 🎬 Judging

**Top 25 submissions** will be ranked 1-10 on each criterion:

### Craft (1-10)
Quality of execution, code quality, attention to detail, polish. Does it work smoothly? Is it well-built? A simple feature done exceptionally well scores higher than complex features done poorly.

### Novelty (1-10)
Originality and innovation. Is this a fresh take? Does it approach the problem differently? Bonus points for ideas that make judges think "why doesn't this exist yet?"

### Utility (1-10)
Practical usefulness and real-world value. Would people actually use this? Does it solve a genuine problem? Could this become a real product?

### Taste (1-10)
Design sensibility, user experience, aesthetic choices. Is it intuitive? Does it feel good to use? Great taste shows in the details - from UI design to interaction patterns to copy writing.

**Final scores** are calculated by summing all four dimensions. Highest total wins.

## 💡 Tips

- Start simple, iterate
- Commit often (proves authenticity)
- Deploy early (Vercel, Netlify, Railway)
- Record demo showing actual functionality
- Read [RULES.md](./RULES.md) to avoid disqualification

## 📞 Support

- **Discord**: [Join](https://discord.gg/9KbH3f5M2a)
- **Instagram**: [@acta.so](https://instagram.com/acta.so)
- **Web**: [acta.so/hackathon](https://www.acta.so/hackathon)

---

**Good luck! 🎉**

Commit message:

Implement welcome modal tracking feature with backend and frontend integration.

README.md, after:

# 🚨 Disaster Response Map

**Real-time disaster reporting and mapping platform with AI-powered insights**

A comprehensive disaster response system that enables citizens to report emergencies (floods, fires, accidents, building collapses) and view them on an interactive map. Features AI-generated summaries, real-time updates, proximity alerts, and live feed monitoring.

## 🤖 AI Features
- **AI Summary**: Automated analysis of disaster patterns using Hugging Face models
- **Smart Insights**: 24-hour activity summaries with safety recommendations
- **Pattern Recognition**: Identifies trends and provides actionable intelligence

## 🚀 Key Features
- Interactive map with real-time disaster markers
- Citizen reporting with geolocation and photo upload
- Proximity alerts for nearby emergencies
- Live feed with filtering and status updates
- Responsive design for mobile and desktop
- RESTful API with MongoDB backend

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: React 19, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, React Leaflet
- **Backend**: Django REST Framework, MongoDB, Cloudinary
- **AI**: Hugging Face Inference API for intelligent summaries
- **Deployment**: Render (backend), Vercel (frontend)

Built for the ACTA Global Hackathon 2025 - 24 hours to build something impressive.

## ⏰ Timeline

- **Start**: Oct 4, 2025 at 12:00 CET
- **End**: Oct 5, 2025 at 12:00 CET
- **Duration**: 24 hours

## 🏆 Prizes

1. **1st**: One week in Cape Town (flights + hotel)
2. **2nd**: €300 + fast-tracked interview
3. **3rd**: Raspberry Pi + fast-tracked interview

## 💡 What to Build

**Option 1: Build anything you wish existed** (open format - truly anything!)

**Option 2: Choose one of these problem statements:**

### 1. Memory Keeper for Grandparents
Interactive AI conversations that capture grandparents' life memories and turn them into blog posts for family members. Think Duolingo but for preserving family stories and wisdom.

### 2. Graph-Based Learning System
Transform linear course content (like [MIT's Statistics course](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/18-05-introduction-to-probability-and-statistics-spring-2022/)) into an interactive graph-based learning experience. Organize concepts as nodes/connections to match how the brain actually learns - accelerating comprehension through visualization and non-linear exploration.

### 3. Agent Orchestration Layer
Build the n8n for AI agents - an orchestration platform for vertical agents to create AI-native companies. Solve context engineering and enable swarm intelligence across agent networks.

**Note**: These are extensive problems - MVPs are perfectly fine and expected!

## 🎯 Rules

- Solo or duo teams
- Greenfield projects only
- Any tech stack
- Must be buildable in 24 hours
- Read [RULES.md](./RULES.md) for anti-cheating requirements

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# 1. Clone this repo
git clone <your-fork-url>
cd global-hackathon-v1

# 2. Create timestamp (REQUIRED for anti-cheating)
date > .hackathon-start
git add .hackathon-start
git commit -m "Starting hackathon - $(date)"
git push

# 3. Build your project here
# 4. Commit regularly (minimum 5 commits)
```

## 📤 Submission

**Deadline**: Oct 5, 2025 at 12:00 CET

**Submit at**: [https://forms.acta.so/r/wMobdM](https://forms.acta.so/r/wMobdM)

**You need**:
1. Public GitHub repo URL
2. 60-second demo video (Loom/YouTube - must be public)
3. Live demo URL (deployed app)
4. Your email and name

## ✅ Before Submitting

```bash
# Run verification
node verify-submission.js
```

Check:
- [ ] GitHub repo is public
- [ ] 60s video is public and accessible
- [ ] Live demo works in incognito window
- [ ] Made 5+ commits during the 24 hours
- [ ] README updated with project info

## 🎬 Judging

**Top 25 submissions** will be ranked 1-10 on each criterion:

### Craft (1-10)
Quality of execution, code quality, attention to detail, polish. Does it work smoothly? Is it well-built? A simple feature done exceptionally well scores higher than complex features done poorly.

### Novelty (1-10)
Originality and innovation. Is this a fresh take? Does it approach the problem differently? Bonus points for ideas that make judges think "why doesn't this exist yet?"

### Utility (1-10)
Practical usefulness and real-world value. Would people actually use this? Does it solve a genuine problem? Could this become a real product?

### Taste (1-10)
Design sensibility, user experience, aesthetic choices. Is it intuitive? Does it feel good to use? Great taste shows in the details - from UI design to interaction patterns to copy writing.

**Final scores** are calculated by summing all four dimensions. Highest total wins.

## 💡 Tips

- Start simple, iterate
- Commit often (proves authenticity)
- Deploy early (Vercel, Netlify, Railway)
- Record demo showing actual functionality
- Read [RULES.md](./RULES.md) to avoid disqualification

## 📞 Support

- **Discord**: [Join](https://discord.gg/9KbH3f5M2a)
- **Instagram**: [@acta.so](https://instagram.com/acta.so)
- **Web**: [acta.so/hackathon](https://www.acta.so/hackathon)

---

**Good luck! 🎉**
